Plain text from https://www.cbc.ca/news/world/gay-dating-app-thrives-in-china-where-lgbt-rights-are-lagging-1.4733218:
The big, open workspace near Beijing's business district has that startup feel: High ceilings, treadmills and snack stations, as well as hundreds of 20-somethings sitting in front of glowing screens.And lots of rainbow flags and pins. Indeed, the staff here shows far more gay pride than most Chinese dare.That's because they work for Blued, a gay dating app that's quickly become the most popular in the world. It boasts 40 million registered users while based in a country where most LGBT men and women still feel locked in the closet — where homosexuality, while no longer illegal, is still officially labelled "abnormal."China must ban abusive gay 'conversion therapy,' rights group saysTime to celebrate or act of protest? Pride means different things to different peopleIt helps that the CEO of Blued has become something of an icon in the nascent Chinese gay movement, fighting his way from a youth spent desperately looking for love online in small-town internet cafés."Back in my time, we felt depressed, isolated and lonely. I felt so tiny," said Ma Baoli, thinking back 20 years. "I wanted to find a lover, but it was so hard."His corner office at Blued is decorated with pictures of near-naked men wrapped in rainbow banners, alongside official portraits of him shaking hands with top business and government officials. It's a strange mix in China."I want to be able to stand up and tell people that there is a guy named Geng Le in China, who is gay, living a very happy life, who even has his own adopted baby," said Ma, referring to the pseudonym he has used since his days writing an underground blog about gay life in the small coastal city of Qinghuangdao.Leading a double lifeBack then, he needed to hide. He said he first fell in love with a man while at the police academy in the 1990s.For years, he led a double life. Publicly, he wore a cop's uniform and enforced laws that included a ban on homosexuality (which was outlawed in China until 1997), and was married to a woman. Privately, Ma ran a website popular with China's stigmatized gay community, estimated to be 70 million people.This photo of Ma and his boyfriend was taken in the 1990s, when he fell in love while training at a police academy. (Submitted by Ma Baoli)Eventually, Ma could no longer sustain this elaborate ruse. He left the police force, split from his wife, came out and put his efforts into building Blued, which is now valued at about $600 million US. (Its better-known rival, Grindr, which has about 30 million registered users, was recently taken over by Chinese gaming company Kunlun Tech for almost $250 million.​)Blued operates mostly in China and Southeast Asia, but has plans to expand to Mexico and Brazil and eventually to North America and Europe. It's also moving beyond dating to offer adoption services to gay couples and free HIV testing clinics in China.Behind the scenes, Ma uses his profile and political connections to lobby officials to improve LGBT rights and protections.Alberta judge dismisses bid to place gay-straight alliance law on holdBill to expunge gay-sex criminal records takes effect in Canada today"We are trying to push forward the LGBT movement and change things for the better," said Ma. "I think when things are as difficult as they are now, it is normal when LGBT people feel hopeless, without security."Indeed, Beijing's approach to homosexuality has been ambiguous and sometimes contradictory."The government has its 'Three No's,'" said Xiaogang Wei, the executive director of the LGBT group Beijing Gender. "Don't support homosexuality, don't oppose and don't promote."Last month, as Canada and many other countries celebrated Pride, China's sole rainbow gathering was in Shanghai. Organizers said the government limited the event to 200 people.The 'dark side of society'In 2016, Beijing banned depictions of gay people on TV and the internet in a sweeping crackdown on "vulgar, immoral and unhealthy content." Regulations said any reference to homosexuality promotes the "dark side of society," lumping gay content in with sexual violence and incest.A recent report by Human Rights Watch examines how Chinese parents threatened, coerced and sometimes physically forced their adolescent and adult LGBT children to submit to conversion therapy. (Kin Cheung/Associated Press)A popular Chinese drama called "Addicted" was immediately taken off internet streaming services because it followed two gay men through their relationships.Yet in April, when Chinese microblogging site Sina Weibo decided to impose its own, apparently unofficial ban on gay content — erasing more than 50,000 posts in one day — Beijing seemed to mirror the disapproval of internet users. "It's personal choice as to whether you approve of homosexuality or not," wrote the Communist Party's official voice, the People's Daily. "But rationally speaking, it should be consensus that everyone should respect other people's sexual orientations."In light of that and the online #IAmGay campaign condemning the company's censorship, Weibo apologized and withdrew its ban.Still, LGBT activists say conservative social attitudes in China are just as big a problem as government restrictions."Traditional family values are still very prominent," said Wang Xu, with the LGBT group Common Language. "There's Confucian values that you have to obey your parents, and there's societal norms that you have to get married by a certain age and have children and carry on the family bloodline." She said all of this was accentuated in the decades of China's One Child policy, which put great social expectations on everyone.Verbal and physical violence by parents against gay children is not uncommon, with some parents committing their offspring to psychiatric hospitals or forcing them to undergo conversion therapy, which is widely offered.The government doesn't release official statistics on any of this, but LBGT groups say family and social disapproval — especially outside large cities — means only about five per cent of gay Chinese have been ready to come out publicly.Closely regulatedIn light of this, Ma's app walks a fine line. At Blued's headquarters, there are several rows of workers who scan profiles, pictures and posts on the dating app in real-time, around the clock, to make sure nothing runs afoul of China's regulations.The offices of Blued in Beijing have the feel of a Silicon Valley startup. (Saša Petricic/CBC)Ma said pornography is part of the government's concern, but it's equally worried about LGBT activism becoming an "uncontrollable" movement that threatens "social stability."He dismisses that, but said it's been challenging to get officials to understand what gay Chinese people need. On the other hand, he said if they ever do, China's top-down political system means LGBT rights and social acceptance could be decreed and imposed in ways that are impossible in the West."In other words," Ma said, "whenever the government is ready to change its approach to gay rights, the whole Chinese society will have to be ready to embrace that."Additional reporting by Zhao Qian

Plain text from https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/montreal/first-person-trans-rights-coming-out-parents-family-1.6979523:
This First Person column is the experience of Alexis Zhou, a freelance writer in Montreal. For more information about CBC's First Person stories, please see the FAQ.Standing among people waving trans flags and signs saying "Leave Trans Kids Alone," I was on the front line of a counter protest in Montreal. Police separated us from those protesting against comprehensive sex ed and LGBTQ rights.As I scanned their faces, it looked like the "1 million March 4 children" protesters came from all walks of life, spanning various ethnic and religious backgrounds, including some who looked like me. I saw concerned parents, many with their relatives by their side — aunties, uncles, grandparents. Many had their kids with them."Leave our kids alone," the parents yelled. They seemed furious with the gender ideology they see being pushed by schools. Perhaps they fear their kids could end up like us: trans or queer.It felt like I was looking into the faces of my own family.Alexis Zhou was reminded of her family back in China when she looked at the protesters on the other side of the police line. (Charles Contant/CBC)If they weren't in China, I could picture my dad, my mom and maybe my aunties, too, handing out water bottles and handmade signs to the protesters. To my dad, being trans was either a Western conspiracy, the influence of female-dominated school staff or the contagion of social media. He couldn't accept that it was coming from me. That could not be, because that would reflect poorly on him and our family.While there were many racialized parents in the street on that day in Montreal at the protest, there was an equal number, if not more, of racialized youth on the other side around me at the counter protest.We shouted back, "Your kids won't even talk to you when they grow up! They will look at you with shame! Children are not your possessions!"As I joined the chants, it felt like I was shouting at my own parents. I felt all the emotions that have been held back over so many years pour out — feeling alone while facing the turmoil of adolescence and of finding out that those I had trusted most didn't really love me for who I am.I grew up in Chongqing, an inland city in China. There wasn't a hint of LGBTQ programming in my schools. No visible LGBTQ presence in public, no Pride parades and gender-affirming health care was taboo.A large group of counter protesters showed up at the Montreal protest. (Charles Contant/CBC)But I was and still am trans. I stopped seeing my family as my safe place and I started navigating my transition alone at age 15. It wasn't public school teachers, gender ideology, a deep state conspiracy or anything or anyone else that made me trans. I just am — a truth difficult for both my family and, for many years, for me to acknowledge.In 2018, I received a scholarship that allowed me to study in North America. In the months leading up to my departure, my parents grew increasingly suspicious of me not acting like a boy. My dad gave me talks on the danger of transgenderism and ordered me to "man up" my appearance.The night before my flight, they became so angry with the length of my hair that they locked me out of the house, and threatened to not allow me to go to college unless I promised to act like a man.They took me to a hairstylist that night, and since then I have not video called them over a fear of how they would react to my appearance.Across Canada, counter protesters showed their opposition to what was called the '1 Million March 4 Children.' (Charles Contant/CBC)Nearly six years later, we're trying to see each other as adults — them graying, and me in my mid-20s. My dad now acknowledges that I am trans, but this comes more from a place of resignation than acceptance. It feels like all his hopes and dreams for me are gone. It's a complex feeling that I'm still processing because I used to be the closest with my dad as a child.We talk about a family reunion, but we still don't yet have a plan. I really want to hug my dad, but I'm also scared. I want to believe my parents love me, even though it doesn't feel like it. It must be hiding somewhere deep inside. Get the news you need without restrictions. Download our free CBC News App. That's why when I see these parents protesting trans rights, I wonder what would happen if their kids turned out to be gay or trans. I think about how much pain and suffering they and their kids might all be enduring.And as I work to repair the damaged relationship with my own family, I wish that these protesting parents could just listen, hug and love their children no matter who they are.I hope they don't lose years of celebrations, holidays, graduation ceremonies and meals together, only to try to pick up the pieces after the damage is done.Do you have a compelling personal story that can bring understanding or help others? We want to hear from you. Here's more info on how to pitch to us.

Plain text from https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/taiwanese-in-canada-travel-to-island-to-elect-president-1.5412942:
Sixteen years after tying the knot in Canada, D. Kai Ma, 47, an Ottawa musician originally from Taiwan and his husband, Scott Simon, are flying Friday to Taiwan's southern city, Tainan, for marriage registration.Ruby Ba, 34, came to Canada 18 years ago and teaches at a Vancouver school.  Next week, she will travel to Taipei, Taiwan's capital, for a family reunion.But these are not the only reasons they will spend 13 hours crossing the Pacific.They are joining others with dual citizenship in both countries to vote in Taiwan's presidential election Jan. 11.  Ma and Ba will vote for incumbent president Tsai Ing-wen, in large part due to her support for LGBT rights.LGBT rights are a big issueBa co-ordinates a fan club in Canada dedicated to supporting Tsai's re-election. She will cast her first presidential ballot for Tsai, who openly supported marriage equality during and after her last presidential campaign in 2016. Ruby Ba, last row, second from left, takes a family photo with fellow members of a Canadian fan club for Tsai Ing-wen's re-election. (submitted by Ruby Ba)Taiwan became Asia's first and only state to legalize same-sex marriage last May."When we talk about democracy and freedom, it cannot just only benefit a certain part of the society and not looking at other people's needs," Ba said.She says given the strong conservative voices against gay marriage in Taiwan, Tsai and her Democratic Progressive Party are "courageously risking their career and ruling power to fulfil ... the LGBTQ community's happiness."Taiwanese voters rejected same-sex marriage in a referendum on Nov. 24, 2018, while electing candidates of the pro-China opposition Nationalist Party (Kuomintang, KMT) to most mayoral and county magistrate posts.Simon, Ma's husband, is an anthropologist at the University of Ottawa. He cannot vote in Taiwan, but he will study presidential and parliamentary election rallies during the couple's stay in Tainan.D. Kai Ma, right, and Scott Simon intend to register their marriage in Taiwan. (submitted by Scott Simon)The 54-year-old professor says KMT parliamentary candidates in Tainan and other ridings "have really rallied around" the conservative forces against LGBT rights "as a way of detracting attention away from the issue with China."Taiwan's existential crisisKMT presidential candidate Han Kuo-yu became mayor of Kaohsiung, a southern Taiwan city, in 2018. Han's recent comments have not indicated he opposes gay marriage.However, Simon said because of the political unrest in Hong Kong, many Taiwanese are concerned a president Han "would negotiate some kind of agreement with China that would start putting limits on Taiwan."In a recent debate, Tsai criticized Han for being too close to Beijing after he visited China's liaison office in Hong Kong last March.Australian media claimed Beijing mobilized support for Han.Ba said this feeling of an existential crisis facing Taiwan helps explain why she votes."In the past presidential elections, we always saw candidates ... would try to prove they were pro-Taiwan ... But it's surprising that this year Han Kuo-yu didn't even care to do that."KMT candidate Han Kuo-yu delivers a speech during a campaign rally in Taipei in late December. (Chiang Ying-ying/The Associated Press)Canadians should help Taiwanese democracyUBC Asian Studies professor Josephine Chiu-Duke teaches Taiwanese history. She said even if Han becomes president, the politically conscious younger generation "would try all sorts of possible ways to keep an eye on [his] government in terms of how they deal with Beijing."A Taiwanese native, Chiu-Duke, said this election matters to all Canadians, who should "really do [their] best to try to help Taiwan's young democracy become more prosperous and develop successfully without being eroded by any unnecessary forces."Ba's father will vote for Han.But she won't and says her vote is to "leave a legacy" for Taiwan's younger generation so it will not "have to fight even harder for their freedom."Because of Tsai's legacy, Ma and Simon will be able to register their marriage in Taiwan and intend to hold a wedding banquet before polling day. 

Plain text from https://capp-usa.org/male-female-transgenderism/:
 Join our NewsletterMale and FemaleCatholic Teaching and TransgenderismOur Sexuality is a Gift from GodBeing Man or Being Woman Reflects the Creator’s GoodnessA Crisis in Human SexualityGender Identity Denies Sexual DifferencesGender Identity Theory Violates Human Dignity“Male and female he created them”(Gen 1:27)With these words of Genesis, “Man comes ‘into being’ with consciousness of this finality of his own masculinity-femininity, that is, of his own sexuality.”(Pope St. John Paul II)The Problem with Transgenderism  A Crisis in Human SexualityWe are facing a crisis in human sexuality caused by a representation of human anthropology that cancels out differences between men and women.Portraying sex differences as simply the product of historical or cultural conditioning, this approach proposes “a personal identity and emotional intimacy radically separated from the biological difference between male and female.” (Pope Francis, 56)However, “Divine Revelation and…philosophical wisdom, emphasize the authentic exigencies of human nature. They…manifest the existence of immutable laws…which are revealed to be identical in all beings endowed with reason.” (Persona Humana, IV)“‘Being man’ or ‘being woman’ is a reality which is good and willed by God.” (CCC, 369)  Gender Identity TheoryOur body has an “inbuilt order” a “grammar” that “sets forth ends and criteria for its wise use”. (Pope Benedict XVI, 48)Gender identity theory “denies the difference and reciprocity in [the] nature of a man and a woman and envisages a society with-out sexual differences” with the consequence that “human identity becomes the choice of the individual, one which can also change over time“. (Pope Francis, 56)However, “there can be no true promotion of man’s dignity unless the essential order of his nature is respected.” (Persona Humana, III)The Christian vision of anthropology sees sexuality as a fundamental component of one’s personhood and “[i]n their ‘being-man‘ and ‘being-woman,’ they reflect the Creator’s wisdom and goodness.” (CCC, 369)“There can be no true promotion of man’s dignity unless the essential order of his nature is respected.”Persona Humana, IIIThe Consequences of Transgenderism“Once the human being declares independence from reality and behaves with absolute dominion, the very foundations of our life begin to crumble”.Laudato Si, 117“Such a situation makes it increasingly difficult to grasp clearly the meaning of what man is, the meaning of his rights and his duties.”Evangelium Vitae, 11To Society  “When freedom, out of a desire to emancipate itself from all forms of tradition and authority, shuts out even the most obvious evidence of an objective and universal truth…a serious distortion of life in society” results. (Evangelium Vitae, 19-20)It is an “absurd attempt to reconstruct a solid and fruitful temporal order divorced from God, who is, in fact, the only foundation on which it can endure.” (Mater et Magistra, 217)“When “any reference to common values and to a truth absolutely binding on everyone is lost…At that point, everything is negotiable“. (Evangelium Vitae, 20)“Separated from God a man is but a monster, in himself and toward others; for the right ordering of human society presupposes the right ordering of man’s conscience with God”. (Mater et Magistra, 215)“An appreciation of our body as male or female is also necessary for our own self-awareness in an encounter with others different from ourselves.” (Laudato Si, 155)To the Individual & Humanity  “[T]he moral order has no existence except in God; cut off from God it must necessarily disintegrate.” (Mater et Magistra, 208)“[W]hen the sense of God is lost, the sense of man is also threatened and poisoned“. (Evangelium Vitae, 22)“[I]n his striving to master and transform the world around him he is in danger of forgetting and of destroying himself.” (Mater et Magistra, 242)“[T]he systematic violation of the moral law…produces a kind of progressive darkening of the capacity to discern God’s living and saving presence”. (Evangelium Vitae, 21)“‘Being man’ or ‘being woman’ is a reality which is good and willed by God: man and woman possess an inalienable dignity which comes to them immediately from God their Creator.”CCC, 369 Why is Gender Identity Such an Unacceptable View?“It is from [their] sex that the human person receives the characteristics which, on the biological, psychological and spiritual levels, make that person a man or a woman”. (Persona Humana, I)In fact, the “‘body‘ reveals the living soul” so that “[i]f we dealt with sex without the person, the whole adequacy of the anthropology which we find in Genesis would be destroyed.” (Pope St. John Paul II)“There is a deep connection between the mystery of creation, as a gift springing from love, and that beatifying ‘beginning’ of the existence of man as male and female, in the whole truth of their body and their sex“. (Pope St. John Paul II)“The acceptance of our bodies as God’s gift is vital for welcoming and accepting the entire world as a gift from the Father and our common home”. (Pope Francis, 155)Read More“Yet another sign of love will be the effort to transmit to Christians not doubts and uncertainties born of an erudition poorly assimilated but certainties that are solid because they are anchored in the Word of God. The faithful need these certainties for their Christian life; they have a right to them, as children of God who abandon themselves entirely into His arms and to the exigencies of love. (Pope St. Paul VI, 79)The Gift of ‘Man’ and ‘Woman’“Creation is prior to us and must be received as a gift.” (Pope Francis, 56)“‘Being man’ or ‘being woman’ is a reality which is good and willed by God: man and woman possess an inalienable dignity which comes to them immediately from God their Creator.” (CCC, 369)“It is one thing to be understanding of human weakness and the complexities of life, and another to accept ideologies that attempt to sunder what are inseparable aspects of reality.” (Pope Francis, 56)“The Church cannot remain indifferent to this confusion of minds…It is a question, in fact, of a matter which is of the utmost importance both for the personal lives of Christians and for the social life of our time.” (Persona Humana, II)“The great task is…recapturing the ultimate meaning of life and its fundamental values. Only an awareness of the primacy of these values enables man…to bring about the true advancement of the human person in his or her whole truth, in his or her freedom and dignity.” (Familiaris Consortio, 8)  What About Those Who Suffer Gender Dysphoria?“The whole concern of doctrine and its teaching must be directed to the love that never ends. Whether something is proposed for belief, for hope or for action, the love of our Lord must always be made accessible, so that anyone can see that all the works of perfect Christian virtue spring from love and have no other objective than to arrive at love”.Catechism of the Catholic Church, 25Medically  As a fairly new recognized condition (DSM V, 2013) for boys/men and girls/women who suffer gender dysphoria and/or identify as “transgender” or “nonbinary” the search for cures/solutions/treatments must be guided by models promoting the authentic good of the human person.Medical and pastoral support, as Pope Francis teaches, needs to help people “to accept their own bodies and to avoid the pretension ‘to cancel out sexual difference because one no longer knows how to deal with it.'” (Pope Francis, 285)“To fulfill this duty, all who collaborate in Catholic health care ministry must make every effort, using all appropriate means at their disposal, to provide the best medical care, as well as Christ’s compassionate accompaniment, to all patients, no matter who they may be or from what condition they may be suffering”. (United States Conference of Catholic Bishops)Spiritually  God made us in his image, and this image is embedded in our body as well as our soul. Our body is intrinsic to our personhood.The Church’s teaching is not meant to curtail love but to enable it. For those troubled with their identity, patience is called for. When a person is on a path seeking wholeness, their search must be encouraged and respected – in friendship.Yet for growth to be efficacious it must proceed towards the correct goal. The Church’s task is to point to the peace and life-giving path of Christ’s commandments. We owe it to God, our brothers and sisters and ourselves to offer what is true – and why we believe it is true.“Although she constantly holds up the call to perfection and asks for a fuller response to God, ‘the Church must accompany with attention and care the weakest of her children, who show signs of a wounded and troubled love, by restoring in them hope and confidence'”. (Pope Francis, 291)What Can I Do?“Anyone who is Christian has a duty to bear witness to the Gospel”.Pope Francis  We Must Speak out Against Transgenderism“At the same time, we are called to protect our humanity, and this means, in the first place, accepting it and respecting it as it was created.” (Pope Francis, 56)We Must Advance the Human Dignity of Male and FemaleBring also your “professional activity into conformity with the Church’s social teaching.” (Mater et Magistra, 241)“[R]ecover an awareness of the primacy of moral values“. (Familiaris Consortio, 8)“Do nothing to compromise religion and morality.“ (Mater et Magistra, 239)“Even in the most difficult circumstances human freedom is capable of extraordinary acts of sacrifice and solidarity“. (Pope Benedict XVI) We Must Practice Forbearance“Holiness in the Church begins with forbearance” (or patience). “True ‘holiness’ is not separation, but union; not judgement, but redeeming love.” Indeed, “the aspect of Christ’s holiness that upset his contemporaries was the complete absence of [a] condemnatory note”. “This does not mean that everything must be left undisturbed and endured as it is.” Indeed, the Church lives “from the struggle of the unholy to attain holiness…But this effort only becomes fruitful and constructive if it is inspired by the spirit of forbearance, by real love.”“[T]he Church raises men up, gives them a home and a hope, a home that is hope – the path to eternal life“.(All quotes are from: Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger (Pope Benedict XVI), “Introduction to Christianity”, (San Francisco: Ignatius Press, 2004), 342, 343, 344.]If you “take no account of those social principles which the Church teaches [you] fail in [your] obligations and may easily violate the rights of others.”Mater et Magistra, 241The Archdiocese of Baltimore has prepared a “Pastoral Accompaniment” guide for this issue. Read MoreThe Archdiocese of Portland has prepared an in-depth guide to this issue. Read MoreThe Archbishop of Oklahoma City has published an insightful article on the topic. Read MoreThe Archbishop of San Francisco and Bishop of Oakland have issued a joint letter on “The Body-Soul Unity of the Human Person”. Read MoreThe Catholic Medical Association has prepared an excellent précis on this topic. Read MoreCatholic Social Teaching and Other IssuesIt is our special task to order and throw light upon all the affairs of the world in line with the teachings of Jesus Christ: “let the laity also by their combined efforts remedy the customs and conditions of the world.”Lumen Gentium, 36 TransgenderismWe are facing a crisis in human sexuality caused by a representation of human anthropology that cancels out differences between men and women.CLICK to read more. AbortionOne of the most divisive issues during the past 50 years! Why is the Church so one-sided (and must always be so)?CLICK to read more. Racism in the United StatesThe belief humanity can be divided into separate and exclusive biological entities with some races innately superior to others. This leads to personal and societal prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism directed against other people because they are of a different race or ethnicity. What does Catholic social teaching have to say about such an insidious “ism”? CLICK to read more. Democratic SocialismCandidates for President of the United States and many in congress espouse this as an alternative model for our country. What, exactly, is it? What does the Catholic Church say? CLICK to read more. Climate ChangeOne political party committed the US to the Paris Agreement and proposes a “Green New Deal”. Another party withdrew from the Paris Agreement and inimically opposes the other’s proposal. What does Catholic social teaching say? CLICK to read more. Universal HealthcareUS health care is, in many ways, the envy of the world. Would universal, or a national, health care program improve it? See how Catholic social teaching can inform the discussion! COVID-19The Crisis and the Cure: How does Catholic social teaching evaluate governments’ response?CLICK to read more. The FamilyThe answer to the dangers to our society.“The future of humanity passes by way of the family.” (Pope St. John Paul II, 86)​CLICK to read more. The Common GoodThe Common Good is not a principle, but an aspirational result: “the sum total of social conditions which allow people, either as groups or as individuals, to reach their fulfillment more fully and more easily”. (Catechism of the Catholic Church, 1906)CLICK to read more. The Four Dangers to SocietyThe Church identifies the major ‘risks and problems’ eating away at our cultural, economic and political systems. What are they?CLICK to read more. ConsumerismHaving and wanting a lot of ‘stuff’ is at the heart of several of society’s ills. Which ones? Why does this limit our freedom?CLICK to read more. Dignity of Work"We were created with a vocation to work."CLICK to read more. Environmental DegradationYes! The environment is in danger. But, it is actually worse (and, more complicated) than you think.CLICK to read more. Physical EnvironmentThis is about more than ‘just’ protecting the environment. There are profound spiritual dimensions involved.CLICK to read more. Human Environment“[W]e must also mention the more serious destruction of the human environment, something which is by no means receiving the attention it deserves.” (Pope St. John Paul II, 38) CLICK to read more. Integral EcologyThe solution to all our environmental problems!CLICK to read more. AlienationSociety and individuals are alienated! We are “marked by a ‘globalization of indifference’ that makes us…closed in on ourselves.” (Pope Francis, 1)  The consequences are devastating! CLICK to read more. MarriageThe foundation of the family."[T]ranscends the feelings and momentary needs of the couple”. It is born “from the depth of the obligation assumed by the spouses". (Pope Francis, 66) CLICK to read more. Radical Secularism[COMING SOON]“The greatest challenge of our time”! (Pope Benedict XVI, 3)​ Why? Radical secularism holds that there is no such thing as an objective truth. But, “Without truth, without trust and love for what is true...social action ends up serving private interests and the logic of power.” (Pope Benedict XVI, 5)​ Sound familiar?Sign Up For Our Newsletter:Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Email *PhoneSubmitCentesimus Annus Pro Pontifice, Inc (CAPP-USA) is the United States affiliate of Fondazione Centesimus Annus Pro Pontifice at the Vatican. | SitemapFollowFollowFollowFollow[email protected]Phone: (888) 473-3331Address: 295 Madison Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, NY, 10017

